When you call a function,
it increases a stack with a stack frame that represent the function,
column of the function, you go up.
When you return, you go back down again.
So it's a linear growth shrink thing.
If you want data that lives from one function to another,
you have to have it somewhere else.
You can, in principle,
refer back down the stack but you can't refer up.
So what people say, there's a memory over here on the side.
Give me some of that and I'll keep it,
and when I'm finished,
I will give it back.
That's known as a heap or the dynamic memory or the free store.
In C plus plus, you get it with an operation called New,
and you give me a new circle or give me a new vector of integers,
something like that, and then eventually,
you have a delete that releases it.
So this memory gets recycled but explicitly.
This is where constructors and destructors, and scopes,
and RAII comes in again because I don't trust you to do the delete consistently,
so you use the new from the constructors,
put them into handles,
and the destructor deletes them again.
So in modern C plus plus,
you tend not to see the heap.
There's a lot of code these days written with a lot of new this and new that in.
Modern C plus plus tend not to do that,
because they are inside the handles and that gets automatically dealt with.
As a stack goes up and down,
the constructors accrue to grab some heap stuff.
When we return, we ultimately return it back where came from.
So it's basically been abstracted away.